INTRODUCTION

styleflow is a library that holds interactive animation that can be readily accessed by developers. This is an animation library IS built completely with Sass,
and currently contain only basic animation. 


TUTORIAL

1. Move-up : this animation moves a given/selected html element up on the page.
2. Move-down : By adding this animation to an html element it causes a downward movement.
3. Fade: this animation tends to reduce the opacity of the element its added to, this gives the element a faded animation
4. Move-left: this animation moves a given/selected html element left on the page.
5. Bounce: using this animation on an html element gives it a bounce effect.


HOW-TO GUIDE:

how to download our library:

The library files will be downloadable to our users for fast and easy use. To do that first, the user must sign up to our website or signin 
if they are already registered. Then they can download the library zip files from the library page.

how to use basic animations on html elements:

After downloading the library on their local machine, the next step is how to use it;

To implement our library on html codes, they need to add a class name of the animation that they want to use, For example;
<h1 class="fade-in">This is your first animation</h1>
the class name 'fade-in' will make the 'h1' fade into itself.

another example is the move-down class name, all our animations are incorporated in the class name for easy use;
You add a class name to the element e.g
<div class="move-down"></div>
This moves the div element downwards to the page and back to its original position. Also we were able to add intensity incase our users are
not satisfied with animation.
you can adjust the animation to suite your satisfaction.


TECHNICAL REFERENCE:

Installation:

styleflow is downloaded from www.styleflow.css as a .scss file.
The library is compatible with visual code, sublime text editor and espresso.

File location:

styleflow is downloaded into the download folder of a user's local machine.

File content:

styleflow contains basic, ready-to-use animation for styling web elements. They include;

1.  class-name: move-up
    styles an html object to move up

2.  class-name: move-down
    styles an html object to move down

3.  class-name: move-right
    styles an html object to move right

4.  class-name: move-left
    styles an html object to move left

5.  class-name: fade-in
    styles an html object to fade in

6.  class-name: fade-out
    styles an html object to fade out

Privacy:

1. styleflow allows users manage personal info.

2. styleflow does not sell user information.

3. styleflow is built with strong security features that continuously protect your information.


BACKGROUND

Styling and frameworks:

Largely, frameworks have been adopted as a styling solution for developers due to several reasons such as reusability and speed. 


However, they have come under high criticism from most pedantic developers for their simplicity and base nature. They have been considered as reason for generic codes,
self-damaging to newbies and less rewarding websites.


The debate seems to stage speed against generic websites and could well be an exciting one to indulge in. But here are a few things we have noted;

1. Frameworks are useful for developers who don't need to reinvent the wheel.

2. Frameworks work well for learners who learn by questioning processes as they would eventually question certain rule abstractions.

3. Frameworks actually help with speed and this may be at the expense of customabization.

4. Frameworks could come very handy for building mini-projects that do not involve a design team.

5. Frameworks largely discourage research as alot of design-solutions could be available in certain libraries for retrieval.


Thus, the dabble into frameworks or the resistance to frameworks largely rest on the intentions of the developer and rightly do. Therefore, styleflow users are
encouraged to be certain about their need for an animation library before indulging.

Recommended text-editors:

1. Sublime text editor

2. Visual Studio Code editor

3. Espresso editor